src/content/codebases/tallysec.md, before:

---
title: "TallySec"
tagline: "Teach security in the language of finance"
description: "AI-powered security education lab pack that connects threat scoring to quantifiable business impact and ROI. Complete training bundle with deterministic scanner, labs, assessments, and FastAPI microservice."
status: "available"
category: "Security Education"
tags: ["security", "training", "ai-powered", "risk-scoring", "education", "lab-pack"]
features:
  - "Deterministic URL risk scoring engine with AI-powered insights"
  - "Synthetic labeled dataset for training and demos"
  - "5 complete labs with student guides and instructor keys"
  - "FastAPI microservice with Docker/Compose deployment"
  - "Static dashboard for visualization"
  - "Quiz bank with autograder for assessments"
  - "ROC curve evaluation and metrics.json output"
  - "Postman collection for API testing"
included:
  - "Full source code (Python backend with FastAPI)"
  - "Synthetic dataset (urls_synthetic_labeled.csv)"
  - "5 labs (student + instructor answer keys)"
  - "Docker and Docker Compose configuration"
  - "Static web dashboard"
  - "Documentation: Quickstart, Instructor Guide, Syllabus, Rubric, FAQ"
  - "Sales materials: One-pager, Press kit"
  - "Legal: Exclusive Sale Agreement, Do-No-Evil EULA"
  - "Brand assets: Wordmark, icons, palette, brand guide"
targetAudience:
  - "Training organizations teaching security"
  - "Enterprises building internal security education programs"
  - "Consultants delivering security workshops"
  - "Universities and bootcamps with security curricula"
order: 1
---

## What TallySec Does

TallySec is a **Risk-to-Return Lab Pack** that teaches security teams to communicate findings in executive language. It bridges the gap between technical threat detection and business impact by translating risk scores into ROI metrics.

## The Problem It Solves

Security teams struggle to:
- Communicate technical findings to business stakeholders
- Quantify the business impact of vulnerabilities
- Justify security investments with ROI data
- Train staff on risk prioritization

TallySec provides a complete educational framework that teaches security in the language finance understands.

## Key Capabilities

### AI-Powered Risk Scoring
A deterministic, feature-based scoring engine prioritizes threats and translates technical severity into business impact metrics that executives can act on.

### Complete Lab Environment
Five structured labs take students from basics to advanced concepts. Each includes student materials and instructor answer keys for classroom or self-paced learning.

### Production-Ready API
FastAPI microservice runs locally or containerized. Includes OpenAPI documentation, Postman collection, and example integrations.

### Assessment Suite
Quiz bank covers all modules with an autograder for automated evaluation. Generate certificates for course completion.

### Executive-Ready Outputs
Reports and dashboards present findings in ROI terms—perfect for board presentations and budget justification.

## Technical Details

- **Backend**: Python 3.9+ with FastAPI and Pydantic
- **API**: RESTful with automatic OpenAPI docs at /docs
- **Deployment**: Docker and Docker Compose included
- **Dashboard**: Static HTML at web/dashboard.html
- **Data**: Synthetic labeled CSV dataset
- **Dependencies**: fastapi, pydantic, uvicorn, requests

## What's in the Box

```
TallySec/
├── tallysec/           # Core Python package (scanner, CLI, reports)
├── fastapi_service/    # API microservice
├── labs/               # 5 labs with student + instructor versions
├── training_kit_v1/    # Quizzes, exam, certificates, rubric
├── data/               # Synthetic datasets
├── web/                # Static dashboard
├── docs/               # Quickstart, Syllabus, FAQ
├── sales/              # One-pager, listing materials
├── press_kit/          # Boilerplate, press release
└── legal/              # EULA, sale agreement
```

## FAQ

**Is this for production security scanning?**
No. TallySec is a training/demo bundle with synthetic data. It teaches concepts, not production threat detection.

**Can I rebrand this for my organization?**
Yes. The Do-No-Evil EULA allows white-labeling. Brand assets and customization guides are included.

**What's the technical skill level required?**
Labs progress from beginner to intermediate. Basic Python and API knowledge is helpful but not required.

**Is support included?**
This is a self-serve, no-handover package. Everything needed is included in the repo—no ongoing support required.

Commit message:

Enhance codebase pages: all products sale-ready with IP transfer
- All three codebases marked as available with complete IP transfer
- Added inquiry-based pricing approach
- TallySec: Added listing copy, exclusive sale agreement details
- ComplyCrawl: Added acquisition FAQ
- AegisTwin: Added enterprise features (auth, RBAC, admin dashboard, compliance docs)

src/content/codebases/tallysec.md, after:

---
title: "TallySec"
tagline: "Teach security in the language of finance"
description: "AI-powered security education lab pack that connects threat scoring to quantifiable business impact and ROI. Complete training bundle with deterministic scanner, labs, assessments, and FastAPI microservice."
status: "available"
category: "Security Education"
tags: ["security", "training", "ai-powered", "risk-scoring", "education", "lab-pack"]
features:
  - "Deterministic URL risk scoring engine with AI-powered insights"
  - "Synthetic labeled dataset for training and demos"
  - "5 complete labs with student guides and instructor keys"
  - "FastAPI microservice with Docker/Compose deployment"
  - "Static dashboard for visualization"
  - "Quiz bank with autograder for assessments"
  - "ROC curve evaluation and metrics.json output"
  - "Postman collection for API testing"
included:
  - "Full source code (Python backend with FastAPI)"
  - "Synthetic dataset (urls_synthetic_labeled.csv)"
  - "5 labs (student + instructor answer keys)"
  - "Docker and Docker Compose configuration"
  - "Static web dashboard"
  - "Documentation: Quickstart, Instructor Guide, Syllabus, Rubric, FAQ"
  - "Sales materials: One-pager, Press kit, Listing copy"
  - "Legal: Exclusive Sale Agreement (No-Support), Do-No-Evil EULA"
  - "Brand assets: Wordmark, icons, palette, brand guide"
  - "Complete IP transfer ready"
targetAudience:
  - "Training organizations teaching security"
  - "Enterprises building internal security education programs"
  - "Consultants delivering security workshops"
  - "Universities and bootcamps with security curricula"
order: 1
---

## What TallySec Does

TallySec is a **Risk-to-Return Lab Pack** that teaches security teams to communicate findings in executive language. It bridges the gap between technical threat detection and business impact by translating risk scores into ROI metrics.

## The Problem It Solves

Security teams struggle to:
- Communicate technical findings to business stakeholders
- Quantify the business impact of vulnerabilities
- Justify security investments with ROI data
- Train staff on risk prioritization

TallySec provides a complete educational framework that teaches security in the language finance understands.

## Key Capabilities

### AI-Powered Risk Scoring
A deterministic, feature-based scoring engine prioritizes threats and translates technical severity into business impact metrics that executives can act on.

### Complete Lab Environment
Five structured labs take students from basics to advanced concepts. Each includes student materials and instructor answer keys for classroom or self-paced learning.

### Production-Ready API
FastAPI microservice runs locally or containerized. Includes OpenAPI documentation, Postman collection, and example integrations.

### Assessment Suite
Quiz bank covers all modules with an autograder for automated evaluation. Generate certificates for course completion.

### Executive-Ready Outputs
Reports and dashboards present findings in ROI terms—perfect for board presentations and budget justification.

## Technical Details

- **Backend**: Python 3.9+ with FastAPI and Pydantic
- **API**: RESTful with automatic OpenAPI docs at /docs
- **Deployment**: Docker and Docker Compose included
- **Dashboard**: Static HTML at web/dashboard.html
- **Data**: Synthetic labeled CSV dataset
- **Dependencies**: fastapi, pydantic, uvicorn, requests

## What's in the Box

```
TallySec/
├── tallysec/           # Core Python package (scanner, CLI, reports)
├── fastapi_service/    # API microservice
├── labs/               # 5 labs with student + instructor versions
├── training_kit_v1/    # Quizzes, exam, certificates, rubric
├── data/               # Synthetic datasets
├── web/                # Static dashboard
├── docs/               # Quickstart, Syllabus, FAQ
├── sales/              # One-pager, listing materials
├── press_kit/          # Boilerplate, press release
└── legal/              # EULA, sale agreement
```

## FAQ

**Is this for production security scanning?**
No. TallySec is a training/demo bundle with synthetic data. It teaches concepts, not production threat detection.

**Can I rebrand this for my organization?**
Yes. The Do-No-Evil EULA allows white-labeling. Brand assets and customization guides are included.

**What's the technical skill level required?**
Labs progress from beginner to intermediate. Basic Python and API knowledge is helpful but not required.

**Is support included?**
This is a self-serve, no-handover package. Everything needed is included in the repo. Exclusive IP transfer with no ongoing support obligations.

**What's the acquisition process?**
Review the materials, run the demos, and contact us for pricing. Exclusive sale agreement and IP assignment documents are included and ready.
